hello I am today with
fernando pastry chef who is
also the founder of patti scotch
point fr Fernando will show you a
recipe that you will love lightning
chocolate
to make these chocolate éclairs on
will start by making the
choux pastry we are going to need them
flour of sugar from salt of butter and
a liquid element
it can be milk water or a
mixture of the two I start pouring
in a saucepan my liquid element
my salt the sugar and finally my butter
I melt my butter before bringing
all the mixture boiling my edge has
melted so I bring everything back to
boiling boil I hold back the
pot of fire
I add my flour all at once
you are going to get a paste that
call a panade
this panade I'll put it back on the
fire and make it dry the panade is
ready she takes off completely from
walls I'll be able to transit the
on another container
I will gradually add but them
on the dough
I mix
I incorporate second part dof
and finally I pour the rest your dough
with cabbages is ready
so we have an effect
shiny smooth and it makes a ribbon effect
brittle I made the puff pastry
now i'm going to use it i'm going
add it in a pocket to make
lightning once my pocket filled I
I'm going to put the puff pastry
to be able to make lightning I support
I advance towards me I stop to support I
cut the dough away from the side
I press I advance black sea I stop
to press and I cut the dough
I use my horror made with
egg yolks to brown but it's
clear
the little trick to have laid clear
well round is well developed it's from
come and scratch them with the point of view
a fork
scouts once poach one
batch in a ventilated oven at 200
degrees for about 15 minutes
be careful when cooking you do not open
not tote the lightning bolts are then frozen
out of the oven
I'm going to take a flash and I'm going to
pierced with a knife
I will perfume my pastry cream
chocolate to be able to keep lightning
pastry cream of melted chocolate
in the bain marie
I incorporate according to the greediness of
chocolate pastry trains I mix
I fill my pocket with custard
local
I keep my is clear I take my
is clear I insert the end of the socket
inside and I press 1 I press
the other side
I make sure that the keys to be well
filled with crem
I go ice cold but chocolate flash
here is a beautiful lightning you can
leave it a little cool and the
enjoy a good appetite